Docs revamp (#243)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-googleapis.gmail: docs/setup/setup.md

> # Configuring Gmail API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure Gmail API
```

_Owners_: @niveathika \
_Reviewers_: @daneshk \
_Created_: 2022/11/09 \
_Updated_: 2023/11/09 \

## Introduction

> To use the Gmail connector, you need to have access to the Gmail REST API. To access the Gmail REST API, you need to have a [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](https://console.cloud.google.com/) account and a project under it. If you do not have a GCP account, you can sign up for one [here](https://cloud.google.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Gmail connector, you need to have access to the Gmail REST API via a [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](https://console.cloud.google.com/) account and a project under it. If you do not have a GCP account, you can sign up for one [here](https://cloud.google.com/).
```

## Step 1: Create a Google Cloud Platform Project

1. Open the [GCP Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/).
2. Click on the project drop-down and select or create the project for which you want to add an API key.

    ![GCP Console](resources/gcp-console-project-view.png)

3. Navigate to the **Library** and enable the Gmail API.

    ![Enable Gmail API](resources/enable-gmail-api.png)

## Step 2: Create OAuth Client ID

1. Navigate to the **Credentials** tab in your Google Cloud Platform console.

> 2. Click on **Create credentials** and from the dropdown menu, select **OAuth client ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click  **Create credentials** and from the dropdown menu, select **OAuth client ID**.
```

    ![Create Credentials](resources/create-credentials.png)

> 3. You will be directed to the **OAuth consent screen**. Here, you need to fill in the necessary information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You will be directed to the **OAuth consent** screen, in which you need to fill in the necessary information below.
```

    | Field                     | Value |
    | ------------------------- | ----- |
    | Application type          | Web Application |
    | Name                      | GmailConnector  |
    | Authorized redirect URIs  | https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground |

>     After filling in these details, click on **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After filling in these details, click **Create**.
```

>     **Note**: Save the Client Id and Client Secrect provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: Save the provided Client ID and Client secret.
```

> ## Step 3: Get Access Token and Refresh Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Get the access token and refresh token
```

> **Note**: We will be using OAuth 2.0 playground to obtain tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: It is recommended to use the OAuth 2.0 playground to obtain the tokens.
```

1. Configure the OAuth playground with the OAuth client ID and client secret.

    ![OAuth Playground](resources/oauth-playground.png)

> 2. Authorize Gmail APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Authorize the Gmail APIs.
```
